README.md, before:

# Staytus

Staytus is a complete solution for publishing the latest information about
any issues with your web applications, networks or services. Along with
absolutely beautiful public & admin interfaces, Staytus is a powerful tool for
any organization with customers that rely on them to be online 24/7.

* [Check out the live demo](http://demo.staytus.co)
* [Read the roadmap](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/blob/master/ROADMAP.md)
* [Report a bug](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/issues/new?labels=bug)
* [Ask a question](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/issues/new?labels=question)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/iOzvtk.png)

## Installation from source

### System Requirements

* Ruby 2.1 or greater
* RubyGems and Bundler
* A MySQL database server
* Bundler (`gem install bundler`)
* Procodile (`gem install procodile`)

### Instructions

Before start, you'll need to create a new MySQL database:

```text
mysql$ CREATE DATABASE `staytus` CHARSET utf8 COLLATE utf8_unicode_ci;
mysql$ GRANT ALL ON staytus.* TO `staytus`@`localhost` IDENTIFIED BY "a_secure_password";
```

```text
$ git clone https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus
$ cd staytus
$ git checkout stable
$ bundle install --deployment --without development:test
$ cp config/database.example.yml config/database.yml
$ nano -w config/database.yml # Add your database configuration
$ bundle exec rake staytus:build staytus:install
$ procodile start --foreground
```

This will run the application on HTTP port 5000. When you first
login, you'll be able to add your own site settings. Browse to http://[IP]:8787
to begin.

You may also want to change the SMTP configuration via environment variables,
which are described in [`config/environment.example.yml`](config/environment.example.yml).

To run staytus in the background, simply run `procodile start` without the `--foreground` option.

### Upgrading

Once you've installed Staytus, you can easily upgrade it by
following this process.

```text
$ cd path/to/staytus
$ git pull origin stable
$ bundle
$ bundle exec rake staytus:build staytus:upgrade
```

Once you've done this, you should ensure you restart any Staytus
processes which you have running.

## E-Mail Notifications

All e-mail notifications are sent through a background worker process. This will be started automatically when you run the application using `foreman start`. If you don't do this, you can run jobs using `bundle exec rake jobs:work`.

## Administration

To log in for the first time, visit the `/admin`, and log in with email
`admin@example.com` and password `password`. You will probably want to go to
Settings -> Users and set up your admins.

## Themes

All themes are stored in the `content/themes` directory. You can
add your own themes in this directory but we do not recommend
making changes to the `default` theme as these changes may get
overridden in an upgrade.

Full details about how to make these will be coming soon.

## Examples in the wild

* [Viaduct Status Site](http://status.viaduct.io)
* [Dial 9 Status Site](http://status.dial9.co.uk)

If you're running Staytus in the wild, let us know so we can
add you to the list.

## Screenshots

Here's a few extra screenshots from the admin and public interfaces.

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/SZ2WUI.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/TgqeV8.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/JErXE75Fhu.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/fb5kFe.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/9n5W4j.png)

Commit message:

Added email lists to all issues and maintenance, updated README

README.md, after:

# WPR Modifications

Wisconsin Public Radio has modified this software to work for their needs.

We have added email list supports and changed a few of the interworkings of the software. Most importantly to configure the app do not follow the insturctions below.

## WPR Modified version configuration

1. copy database.yml.example to database.yml and add your database information
2. copy environment.yml.example to environment.yml **DO NOT CHANGE ANYTHING**
3. Copy app-config.yml.exmaple to app-config.yml and update all of the information within the file for your system. please note future modifications will allow these feilds to be optional and toggle display of email lists within the web interface.

Everything else remains the same.

# Staytus

Staytus is a complete solution for publishing the latest information about
any issues with your web applications, networks or services. Along with
absolutely beautiful public & admin interfaces, Staytus is a powerful tool for
any organization with customers that rely on them to be online 24/7.

* [Check out the live demo](http://demo.staytus.co)
* [Read the roadmap](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/blob/master/ROADMAP.md)
* [Report a bug](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/issues/new?labels=bug)
* [Ask a question](https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus/issues/new?labels=question)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/iOzvtk.png)

## Installation from source

### System Requirements

* Ruby 2.1 or greater
* RubyGems and Bundler
* A MySQL database server
* Bundler (`gem install bundler`)
* Procodile (`gem install procodile`)

### Instructions

Before start, you'll need to create a new MySQL database:

```text
mysql$ CREATE DATABASE `staytus` CHARSET utf8 COLLATE utf8_unicode_ci;
mysql$ GRANT ALL ON staytus.* TO `staytus`@`localhost` IDENTIFIED BY "a_secure_password";
```

```text
$ git clone https://github.com/adamcooke/staytus
$ cd staytus
$ git checkout stable
$ bundle install --deployment --without development:test
$ cp config/database.example.yml config/database.yml
$ nano -w config/database.yml # Add your database configuration
$ bundle exec rake staytus:build staytus:install
$ procodile start --foreground
```

This will run the application on HTTP port 5000. When you first
login, you'll be able to add your own site settings. Browse to http://[IP]:8787
to begin.

You may also want to change the SMTP configuration via environment variables,
which are described in [`config/environment.example.yml`](config/environment.example.yml).

To run staytus in the background, simply run `procodile start` without the `--foreground` option.

### Upgrading

Once you've installed Staytus, you can easily upgrade it by
following this process.

```text
$ cd path/to/staytus
$ git pull origin stable
$ bundle
$ bundle exec rake staytus:build staytus:upgrade
```

Once you've done this, you should ensure you restart any Staytus
processes which you have running.

## E-Mail Notifications

All e-mail notifications are sent through a background worker process. This will be started automatically when you run the application using `foreman start`. If you don't do this, you can run jobs using `bundle exec rake jobs:work`.

## Administration

To log in for the first time, visit the `/admin`, and log in with email
`admin@example.com` and password `password`. You will probably want to go to
Settings -> Users and set up your admins.

## Themes

All themes are stored in the `content/themes` directory. You can
add your own themes in this directory but we do not recommend
making changes to the `default` theme as these changes may get
overridden in an upgrade.

Full details about how to make these will be coming soon.

## Examples in the wild

* [Viaduct Status Site](http://status.viaduct.io)
* [Dial 9 Status Site](http://status.dial9.co.uk)

If you're running Staytus in the wild, let us know so we can
add you to the list.

## Screenshots

Here's a few extra screenshots from the admin and public interfaces.

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/SZ2WUI.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/TgqeV8.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/JErXE75Fhu.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/fb5kFe.png)

![Screenshot](https://s.adamcooke.io/15/9n5W4j.png)
